com/telran/demoqa/pages/BrowserWindowsPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.BrowserWindowsPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/SidePanelPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.SidePanelPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/bookstore/LoginPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.bookstore.LoginPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/ProfilePage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.ProfilePage
com/telran/demoqa/helpers/JSExecutor.java
 com.telran.demoqa.helpers.JSExecutor
com/telran/demoqa/pages/bookstore/ProfilePage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.bookstore.ProfilePage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/SelectMenuPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.SelectMenuPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/DatePickerPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.DatePickerPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/BookStorePage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.BookStorePage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/DragAndDropPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.DragAndDropPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/bookstore/RegisterPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.bookstore.RegisterPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/PageBase.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.PageBase
com/telran/demoqa/pages/PracticeFormPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.PracticeFormPage
com/telran/demoqa/helpers/MyListener.java
 com.telran.demoqa.helpers.MyListener
com/telran/demoqa/pages/bookstore/BookStorePage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.bookstore.BookStorePage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/AlertsPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.AlertsPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/ElementsPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.ElementsPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/BrokenLinksAndImagesPage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.BrokenLinksAndImagesPage
com/telran/demoqa/pages/HomePage.java
 com.telran.demoqa.pages.HomePage
com/telran/demoqa/tests/bookstoretests/DeleteBookFromCollection.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.bookstoretests.DeleteBookFromCollection
com/telran/demoqa/tests/SelectMenuTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.SelectMenuTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/JSExecutorTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.JSExecutorTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/AlertsTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.AlertsTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/StudentRegistrationTest.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.StudentRegistrationTest
com/telran/demoqa/tests/LoginPageTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.LoginPageTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/TestBase.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.TestBase
com/telran/demoqa/tests/WindowsTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.WindowsTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/bookstoretests/SearchBookTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.bookstoretests.SearchBookTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/DragAndDropTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.DragAndDropTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/BrokenLinksAndImagesTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.BrokenLinksAndImagesTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/bookstoretests/RegistrationTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.bookstoretests.RegistrationTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/bookstoretests/LoginPageTests.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.bookstoretests.LoginPageTests
com/telran/demoqa/tests/bookstoretests/AddBookToCollection.java
 com.telran.demoqa.tests.bookstoretests.AddBookToCollection
